README.md, before:

# nextjs-ethers-metamask-connect

## Requirements

-   [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
    -   You'll know you did it right if you can run `git --version` and you see a response like `git version x.x.x`
-   [Nodejs & npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    -   You'll know you've installed nodejs right if you can run:
        -   `node --version` And get an ouput like: `vx.x.x`
    -   You'll know you've installed npx right if you can run:
        -   `npm --version` And get an ouput like: `x.x.x`
-   [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) instead of `npm`
    -   You'll know you've installed yarn right if you can run:
        -   `yarn --version` And get an output like: `x.x.x`
        -   You might need to install it with npm
-   [Metamask](https://metamask.io/)
    -   This is a browser extension that lets you interact with the blockchain.

## Quickstart

1. Clone and install dependencies

```
git clone https://github.com/xaneeshax/neu_lionhack
cd neu_lionhack
yarn
cd hardhat-simple-storage
yarn
```

2. Then, you can run:

```
yarn hardhat node
```

This will deploy a sample contract and start a local hardhat blockchain.

3. Connect your [metamask](https://metamask.io/) to your local hardhat blockchain.

In the output of the above command, take one of the private key accounts and [import it into your metamask.](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015489331-How-to-import-an-Account)

Additionally, add your localhost with chainid 31337 to your metamask.

4. Open the UI

Then, back in your first terminal, run:

```
yarn dev
```

5. Hit buttons

You'll be brought to the UI after running `yarn dev` which has exactly 2 buttons. Hit `connect` then hit `execute` and you'll send a transaction to your localhardhat.

### Important localhost note

If you use metamask with a local network, everytime you shut down your node, you'll need to reset your account. Settings -> Advanced -> Reset account. Don't do this with a metamask you have real funds in.

# Thank you!

Commit message:

Add steps to create hardhat network in Metamask
- Also re-organize the steps a bit

README.md, after:

# nextjs-ethers-metamask-connect

## Requirements

-   [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
    -   You'll know you did it right if you can run `git --version` and you see a response like `git version x.x.x`
-   [Nodejs & npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    -   You'll know you've installed nodejs right if you can run:
        -   `node --version` And get an ouput like: `vx.x.x`
    -   You'll know you've installed npx right if you can run:
        -   `npm --version` And get an ouput like: `x.x.x`
-   [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) instead of `npm`
    -   You'll know you've installed yarn right if you can run:
        -   `yarn --version` And get an output like: `x.x.x`
        -   You might need to install it with npm
-   [Metamask](https://metamask.io/)
    -   This is a browser extension that lets you interact with the blockchain.

## Quickstart

1. Clone and enter main directory

```
git clone https://github.com/xaneeshax/neu_lionhack
cd neu_lionhack
```

2. Install all dependencies

```
yarn
cd hardhat-simple-storage
yarn
```

2. Run hardhat local node (make sure you are in the `hardhat-simple-storage` directory)

```
yarn hardhat node
```

This will deploy a sample contract and start a local hardhat blockchain.

3. Connect your [metamask](https://metamask.io/) to your local hardhat blockchain.

In the output of the above command, take one of the private key accounts and [import it into your metamask.](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015489331-How-to-import-an-Account)

Next, Add a new Network:
Network Name: hardhat-localhost
New RPC URL: http://127.0.0.1:8545/
Chain ID: 31337
Currency Symbol: ETH

4. Open the UI

Open a new terminal side-by-side making sure you are in the root `neu_lionhack` directory and run:

```
yarn dev
```

5. Hit buttons

After running `yarn dev`, the UI is at http://localhost:3000. Hit the `Connect` button then fill out the fields and hit `Execute` and you'll send a transaction to your localhardhat.

### Important localhost note

If you use metamask with a local network, everytime you shut down your node, you'll need to reset your account. Settings -> Advanced -> Reset account. Don't do this with a metamask you have real funds in.

# Thank you!
